01. INTRODUCTION weapon arsenal war U-Boat  war u-boat menace thing war  Allies base operation invasion place
02. U-Boat technology tactics combat success combatant nation vessel type year volume production
03. defeat u-boat threat intelligence coup discovery German enigma device reconstruction device cryptologist code British signal traffic submarine supply vessel rendezvous point convoy area u-boat wait
04. space discovery time development direction finder detection device tide war u-boat fact part war u-boat odd achievement Waffe reportage majority u-boat commander duty fashion type warfare fact figure war attempt u-boat man war criminal manner case submarine crew water counterpart
05.  u-boat crewman war selection procedure Waffe cream personnel personality commander discipline u-boat crew man dependent day u-boat veteran community Waffe war memorial
06. mention u-boat ace name achievement u-boat ace achievement submarine warfare sinking enemy warship u-boat engagement u-boat ace enemy vessel cruise officer name u-boat fraternity
07. BOOK reader overview achievement Waffe war study uniform insignia u-boat crew war u-boat action navy total submarine day war u-boat fleet war cruise target event  u-boat minefield warship cruise failure u-boat success cruiser pathfinder week force warship space hour cruiser bottom hero member crew boat emblem cross potency u-boat weapon attack shipping
08.  thing faction government proportion material ship attack country war  side beginning German hope victory war sea determination water coast war zone  warning shipping ship war material month total shipping  ton ton
09. decision submarine warfare German nation state death citizen command liner tip liner contraband war material form thousand case ammunition shrapnel shell fuse sinking liner loss life outrage
010. consequence isolationism way viewpoint decision war attack passenger ship attack merchant ship German bulk u-boat effort theater number space month ship total ton torpedo victim gunfire adversary crew ship instruction landfall ship bottom end war total enemy ship ton
011. ally effect u-boat summer ton hipping British use cruiser merchantman u-boat surface cruiser gun u-boat war u-boat war  case survivor captain u-boat  fleet vessel  submarine supply war material blockade water end year loss crisis proportion ton October December
012. kaiser support u-boat war effort u-boat crew success ton enemy march total ton ton entry war u-boat campaign knee ton admiralty thing war end year
013. month British convoy system merchant ship degree protection dividend percent ship convoy percent ship time ally series operation flow coast channel coast u-boat Atlantic
014. weapon submarine depth charge u-boat victim entry state war influx warship ally convoy protection duty u-boat loss u-boat loss production loss u-boat position war favor flirtation concept u-Cruisers submarine gun success command faith u-boat wonder weapon victory u-boat loss comparison tonnage level morale u-boat crew year peace negotiation action enemy shipping part u-boat suppression mutiny end u-boat crew order fire vessel flag
015. u-boat port surrender submarine enemy action u-boat crewman action u-boat offensive u-boat weapon potential navy ash
016. WAR treaty force navy u-boat rise rearmament program u-boat  firm technology design know-how
017. family firm engineer build submarine sale power fact firm component u-boat construction accession treaty end year component use assembly u-boat yard number u-boat
018. navy period strength veteran supporter u-boat weapon superior dedication command duty enthusiasm success man level readiness year post commander u-boat
019. WAR type type boat type u-boat mainstay boat u-boat ace success outbreak war rank
020. day outbreak war command liner cruiser ally intention submarine warfare case propaganda value ally attack passenger liner embarrassment German action kind passenger ship news aircraft carrier month morale blow base flow battleship oak loss life end u-boat strength success sinking oak status u-boat eye fuhrer
021. year consolidation u-boat course year enemy action increase wolf-pack tactics convoy fall German facility operation Atlantic
022. ship ton ship bottom  ton loss ship u-boat attack ton year ace achievement fame sinking enemy warship rank knight cross cross score enemy merchant restriction u-boat operation water war zone merchant shipping base German opportunity u-boat operation shipping water coast
023. u-boat crew hero crew percent volunteer caliber practice crew boat construction boat month boat time   boat war cruise boat crew machine crew member skill comrade commander
024. sea man condition  type foot foot point space machinery equipment torpedo man bunk comrade system watch bedspace comrade shift board shaving luxury wash soap use sea water condition clothes atmosphere foul top toilet ration action man
025. home war cruise best u-boat man train home leave u-boat pay allowance sailor leisure facility u-boat crew squadron condor reconnaissance aircraft disposal move commander control order u-boat enemy convoy
026. type boat ton ton type service effect cruise Atlantic water March month ace crew u-boat u-boat operation u-boat course year strength vessel end year total enemy ship ton
027.  success use radar detection u-boat entrance state war arsenal weapon side achievement aircraft carrier ark battleship
028. entry state u-boat water operation ship time American security time harbor light ship navigation light radio traffic u-boat difficulty target area ship month year march  action fuel resupply war zone range u-boat end ton shipping vessel American convoy system security result u-boat success water
029. tack u-boat action traffic oil tanker devastation ally convoy tactics success thrust campaign boat water Atlantic incident war sea
030. command troopship cry survivor water troopship troop prisoner war number civilian woman child foot u-boat survivor prisoner war guard ship survivor shark bite water
031. deck survivor position u-boat submarine warship rescue operation step position guaranteeing ship rescue scene number survivor lifeboat preparation arrival warship day sinking liberator bomber flag gun position intention bomber personnel board officer lamp message woman child board bomb number survivor plane base death damage u-boat option rescue survivor board lifeboat scene boat pilot message bridge home attack ground u-boat threat shipping  survivor
032. u-boat commander boat crew risk rescue operation year u-boat production strength boat enemy ship ton total measure u-boat loss time
033.  beginning ally launch attack u-boat base shipyard sea success Atlantic convoy u-boat wolf-pac march convoy attack ship u-boat joy point u-boat war tide
034. ally enigma device war escort vessel version hand charge u-boat party enigma machine copy code British message u-boat location u-boat destination target ally u-boat loss
035. enigma device part answer code time enemy code time intelligence code period u-boat success introduction version machine intelligence week code success measure hedgehog mortar torpedo aircraft sound engine detection device u-boat field strength ship aircraft death knell u-boat u-boat action Atlantic convoy torpedo
036. u-boat operation Atlantic u-boat loss enemy ship ton number year u-boat activity u-boat action invasion fleet
037. installation snorkel equipment u-boat battery water chance detection ship aircraft case development launching type u-boat vessel type type  luxury food storage device torpedo tube need crew service vessel introduction combat service
038. invasion end u-boat base u-boat base u-boat time u-boat loss launching ship ton month war u-boat operation war water
039. dozen u-boat action end war combat action surface force cruiser screen destroyer u-boat escort attack cruiser order hostility target month year u-boat ship ton
040. SUCCESS year war u-boat deal  total  enemy ship ton loss spirit man u-boat life adversary determination man respect enemy visitor u-boat memorial wreath tribute navy adversary
041. organization command structure command u-boat capacity tier commander force chain command commander navy post navy command branch administration construction operation line u-boat navy interest command u-boat
042. U-BOAT command department department u-boat uniform uniform course century item hat uniform world war duplication text deal detail uniform garment difference uniform era study uniform period reader work uniform tradition
043. tunic rouser reefer jacket service dress officer warrant officer reefer jacket issue clothing u-boat crew sea evidence show part occasion regulation trouser footwear
044. reefer jacket worsted cloth collar lapel  style skirt pocket flap  breast  pocket  side  flap jacket  row  anchor  motif button reefer  jacket navy  pair  pair  decoration rank officer  mean  ring  wire  braid  ring  ring  ring  ring  ring  majority  u-boat rank rank  posting flotilla  commander 
045. sleeve ring wire emblem officer career branch line star cogwheel gilt-wire crown star abolition monarchy officer warrant officer breast jacket emblem eagle swastika wire cellulose cord wire salt air 
046. warrant officer sleeve ring rank trade mean shoulder strap cloth braid edging center anchor motif trade symbol rank aluminum pip button jacket  anchor motif anchor rope shank edge button border era button crown anchor button clothing border finish  reefer jacket shirt tie
047. pea jacket pea jacket service dress rank month rank equivalent greatcoat cloth reefer jacket skirt pocket pea jacket outfitter sailor pullover shirt row anchor button example button plastic pea jacket pair button change reefer jacket pair button lapel jacket 
048. collar patch pea jacket rank shade pea officer strip braid officer strip braid officer collar braid edging breast pea jacket eagle swastika emblem yarn 
049. rank trade series arm badge rank trade symbol chevron officer anchor trade symbol officer chevron insignia badge cotton embroidery cloth officer example badge officer crown anchor insignia crown trade specialty insignia wide embroidery wearer specialty trade branch 
050. parade jacket parade jacket form wear occasion parade award ceremony short body officer mess jacket monkey jacket wool pair  anchor  button chain button base lapel 
051. center front panel row anchor button cuff strip cloth button cuff parade jacket officer officer rank braid 
052. crown motif button era parade jacket style era parade jacket eagle swastika emblem breast level button rank trade insignia sleeve fashion pea jacket parade jacket sailor pullover shirt pea jacket sailor collar jacket 
053. pullover shirt navy navy world service dress rank pullover shirt effect outfit shirt sailor collar silk neckerchief pullover shirt garment cuff button fastening front shirt chest cornflower cord shirt shirt flap collar 
054. eagle swastika emblem shirt silk backing rank trade specialist insignia sleeve manner pea jacket parade jacket exception badge shirt form  dress wear board submarine photograph show 
055. summer version shirt cornflower cuff insignia backing pullover shirt u-boat crew conjunction parade jacket ceremony parade trouser footwear uniform trouser officer warrant officer reefer jacket material bottom fly front button fastening button waistband brace pocket pocket side 
056. officer warrant officer shoe leather shoe leg boot trouser leg shoe ankle-boot rank officer sailor trouser cloth flap fly front leg bottom knee sailor trouser front crease crease navy part rig trouser shaft 
057. footwear trouser army jackboot cork sole work shirt cut pullover shirt work shirt moleskin cloth patch pocket breast insignia insignia silk neckerchief moleskin work trouser shirt uniform washing
058. summer tunic photograph show u-boat officer tunic service tropic board ship u-boat water base uniform shore service dress tunic collar patch pocket breast skirt front anchor motif button cuff 
059. issue tunic eagle swastika emblem breast pocket sleeve ring tunic rank mean strap insignia button trouser tunic shirt tie shoe
060. work jacket work jacket use grade u-boat personnel jacket patch pocket skirt pocket flap drill fabric button button eagle swastika emblem breast bottom sleeve strap adjustment uniform personnel branch service period training infantry period uniform 
061. blouse army stock army clothing personnel version collar pocket patch breast slash pocket shirt blouse button anchor motif eagle swastika emblem breast pocket thread base collar patch army style bar mouse litzen stripe center space bar
062. training shoulder strap trainee soldier career time uniform trouser blouse foot wear jackboot end trouser shaft boot gaiter 
063. uniform u-boat personnel uniform tunic drill material fastening patch pocket breast skirt tunic collar neck pocket flap button tunic style dress color breast pocket eagle swastika yarn backing 
064. shoulder strap rank officer pattern summer tunic rank jacket braid sleeve cuff 
065. shirt pullover type fastening slash patch breast pocket loop shoulder seam shoulder strap eagle swastika breast badge tunic breast pocket 
066. wear tunic shirt trouser trouser loop slash pocket button pocket side trouser belt loop pocket fob pocket front panel knee 
067. u-boat uniform battledress battledress u-boat crew wear sea evidence form u-boat personnel blouse short garment drill material patch pocket pocket flap jacket button cuff blouse sleeve button fastening 
068. blouse waistband tail-piece side tongue belt attachment friction buckle side waistband standardization fitting blouse example show button button anchor button uniform shoulder strap breast eagle officer chevron braid metal point collar blouse neck button trouser material belt loop cloth belt friction buckle bottom leg strap 
069. stock lightweight denim battledress fall use u-boat crew pattern wartime photograph clue battledress flap pocket piece flap cuff blouse button fastening blouse wristband trouser battledress patch pocket knee leg 
070. ankle-boot form dress form footwear u-boat cam shoe sole leather material canvas upper heel side toe leather material u-boat running 
071. leather clothing form leather jacket personnel u-boat crew button crown personnel jacket leather garment fastening stand-up collar pocket breast ith flap skirt pocket flap bottom sleeve leather strap button fit cuff jacket leather u-boat crew 
072. personnel leather jacket deck deck personnel jacket button pair jacket neck weather skirt pocket flap slash pocket level cuff jacket seam chest level jacket engine personnel leather u-boat personnel shoulder strap type jacket material trouser jacket jacket
073. leg piece leather seam leg front pocket button brace wear wear jacket material slash pocket level lining sleeve wrist collar throat strap side rear wearer head
074. overrtrousers material draw-string waist slash opening access trouser cape head shoulder front face ensemble sou'wester form dress watch bridge u-boat tooth Atlantic storm 
075. headgear range headgear navy mean crew u-boat section type photograph basis cap cap headgear officer warrant officer version navy wool doeskin top dimension band mohair capband leather peak leather edge binding leather chinstrap anchor motif button
076. insignia officer wire wreath oakleave cockade color top crown insignia mohair band cap warrant wreath oakleave crown cockade crown ribbon streamer top cap use cover use symbol u-boat commander schirmmutze predecessor crown wire stiffener appearance saucer shape crown cap insignia cockade shape eagle emblem
077. set insignia cockade cap insignia color cockade front cap eagle swastika device cap crown wire stiffener appearance officer peak cloth leather cloth grouping band scallop curve cap band oakleave rank up-ward band oakleave cap insignia wire celluloid thread eagle swastika summer top warrant peak leather leather edge binding 
078. practice u-boat commander summer top boat commander cover summer month cap variety top top top sailor cap navy wool top band tally ribbon name wearer shore establishment cap sailor top year tally ribbon silk length cap excess tail insignia cockade color plate metal eagle eagle swastika base cockade color
080. ribbon wire block personnel silver personnel tally block letter letter lettering time war block letter cap crown cap cap flat use cotton silk lining flap cap center front rear cap front eagle swastika badge cockade color
081. officer cap aluminum braid flap insignia thread bullion thread u-boat commander rank pattern summer version twill lining eagle swastika insignia thread sailor infantry training version cloth insignia backing 
082. cap cap personnel twill material flap peal eye sun grommet side crown ventilation front eagle swastika base cockade color lining cotton officer cap aluminum braid crown sun helmet navy sun helmet use submariner photo u-boat crew man exception rule 
083. steel helmet steel helmet personnel army helmet edge type difference army navy pattern insignia side helmet decal shield eagle swastika navy shield army helmet era shield anchor cap cap issue fin personnel u-boat crewman wool tube end end pom-pom cap nickname poodle cap 
084. belt buckle accouterment belt rank leather end catch side inside face leather tongue pair hole buckle face buckle side loop belt catch bar prong attachment tongue
085. face buckle disc round edge disc spray edge legend center buckle crown period eagle eagle swastika buckle steel example number alloy aluminum service wear service belt use area material 
086. officer service dress belt brow leather buckle claw finish color parade occasion aluminum brocade cloth line brocade belt edge buckle wreath oakleave field anchor crown example slide style belt side buckle buckle line officer silver official version buckle mm-wide fabric belt jacket coat dagger sword strap slit lining pocket flap accouterment form ammunition pouch pistol holster leather strap belt support personnel army pattern
